the Spanish women's basketball team kicks off the eurobasket on 18
june in poland we are in the room tetos of the protagonists
at the moment the suitcase of the selection is empty and we here the
dotcom nostrum information
that will put in her ana
this alliance and again
2 sure it took me
governorate and under
Well the truth is that
want to do well not to disappoint them i
and of 100
show
efe
the village priest
the state is a member of the sc
T-shirt
for japan la rambla now
weekly
the circumstances after descending
last year
because tomorrow is there and it is not very common
And that is the reality
the appointment is to the agencies
but that one
the jones crisis period
several foreign tourists
the selection
we are a little
we have step
galli marilyn
lisboa all of them are behind this year
until then one
next that's why diego does not
that's why we are
that's why I hope others of Castro Saints and
unfortunately it is an incentive
factors in mind in the pelvis on your twitter perversely duke
the elections
A) Yes
fifteen
eurostat sport
they know what they do because they have difficulties that discipline has
then let's see
women can access the power
see this area
when delivering stimuli
this city
nobody tell you that is the other
and those that do not
not to speak good airs
the state delegation of the imss and the issste
If the results
this time you can not is what explains why more quiet
since then the body of all as soon as possible according to the destination
hernán fredes i
While it is true
j
with it the mayor
what's important is not
by
tohá please
dennis blair
roldán
for now
min
one
my hair is a team to a good mood - very fast of the world this fast to him
this defense we fulfill this rebound control again us
it helps to be able to run a lot we have people who finish very well also huge
that reads very well in these bases
he reads very well the game are very brave when it comes to sending passes so long
added risk if you tend to believe that it is our strong point there are works of
forever
He pointed out that the defense does not mean that our key is a bit and from then on
well, a bit towards our power to go to the counterattack but above all the
defending
there will be frost
it's not that many very illusion parts of the world with very high expectations
but I have no choice but to be European champion
last year where yesterday when dozens of light globes the world with
we in the extension were missing four very important forums
ogando france aburto world that is a poor as proven is true will make you
selection
pique we want to have broken is a good group in every sense are 12
twelve great players we will take and some cases cavalli unfortunately
also of great level
very good and I left it
without bullseye they start dutch joran to follow very good people to the gold
fc